resolved old links (#477)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/smart-contract/token-standard.md

For more information, refer to the official [KIP-7 documentation](https://kips.klaytn.foundation/KIPs/kip-7).

> * An example implementation is available at [https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-contracts/blob/master/contracts/KIP/token/KIP7/KIP7.sol](https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-contracts/blob/master/contracts/KIP/token/KIP7/KIP7.sol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An example implementation is available at [https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-dev-sandbox/blob/dev/contracts/token/KIP7/KIP7Token.sol](https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-dev-sandbox/blob/dev/contracts/token/KIP7/KIP7Token.sol).
```

For more information, refer to the official [KIP-17 documentation](https://kips.klaytn.foundation/KIPs/kip-17).

> * An example implementation is available at [https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-contracts/blob/master/contracts/KIP/token/KIP17/KIP17.sol](https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-contracts/blob/master/contracts/KIP/token/KIP17/KIP17.sol).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* An example implementation is available at [https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-dev-sandbox/blob/dev/contracts/token/KIP17/KIP17Token.sol](https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-dev-sandbox/blob/dev/contracts/token/KIP17/KIP17Token.sol).
```

Author: @toniya-klaytn Could you comment the difference between the two repo.?

Reviewer: @kjeom  reverting my suggestion as I gave example link on how to use KIP17.
